Welcome back to scary recap, and today, we
will be explaining the horror movie Babadook.
Before diving in, let us know to warn you
about the potential spoilers we will stumble
upon.
1:00 to 10:00: Amelia, a single mother, living
with her 6-year-old child Samuel is going
through an incredibly tough time.
She wakes up again with a weird dream of her
floating in the air.
Samuel wakes her up by telling her that he
had a strange dream as well.
These recurring strange dreams for Samuel
had something related to monsters, and because
of that, he always made his mom check his
closets and bottom of the bed for reassurance.
To put him back to sleep, Amelia would read
her son bedtime stories.
Amelia, who has a hard time falling asleep
on her own, read the stories for herself to
shut her eyes as well.
Later in the morning, Amelia wakes up to a
loud sound: her six-year-old creating some
dangerous weapons.
Amelia is furious about Samuel making types
of equipment that could be a potential threat
to others.
However, Samuel shouts that these weapons
were made to protect himself and his mom from
the monster that appears in his dreams.
Since Samuel is just a young kid, he deliberately
believes in a monster living in the house.
Amelia drives Samuel to his school and heads
to her workplace, where she is employed as
a nurse in a nursing home.
Later on, Amelia receives a phone call from
her son's school.
When went to visit the principal, Amelia is
fed with the news that Samuel was playing
with a very threatening tool and could have
hurt someone.
While the principal complained that Samuel
had been in his office way too many times
and that he needs serious medical treatment
and that Sam has severe behavioral problems,
Amelia insists that all Samuel needs is serious
talk.
However, this turned into a big fight, and
Amelia told her son was better off without
this school.
Amelia thought of dropping by the park to
see her sister Claire and her daughter, Ruby,
on their way back home.
They stopped by a department store to buy
some stuff, and that's when Samuel breaks
the news to a stranger that his dad died while
driving Amelia, who was pregnant, to the hospital.
Later at the park, Claire suggested how her
daughter ruby didn't want to have a joint
birthday party with Samuel since ruby disliked
Samuel.
Samuel somehow managed to climb to the top
of a swing during this talk and scared the
adults.
The ride back home wasn't pleasant as Samuel
kept screaming.
Mrs. Roach, the old neighbor of Amelia, noticed
that something was wrong.
10:00 to 21:00, as usual, Samuel pressurizes
his mother to read him a storybook.
This time, Amelia let Samuel choose the book.
Samuel pulls out this red book and gives it
to his mom.
The storybook gave off a bad vibe and was
too scary for a toddler to see its images,
so Amelia suggested Sam take another book.
However, Sam argued back that he wanted his
mom to read the story of the babadook.
In the book, babadook is represented wearing
a long black hat and long black coat.
His eyes were round and terrifying, and he
had long, creepy black claws type of nails.
The story had sentences written like "when
he visits you, you won't sleep a wink and
once you see what's underneath, you are going
to wish you were dead."
Amelia started getting this terrible anxiety
attack reading the story of the babadook in
her head.
In contrast, Samuel got curious and kept on
asking his mom whether the babadook would
come for him.
After a while, when Samuel would be busy crying
cus of being scared, Amelia tries to calm
him down by reading another storybook.
Later that night, Amelia had severe trouble
sleeping as she was curious about the story
of the babadook.
She went and picked up the book only to finish
reading it thoroughly.
"You cannot get rid of the babadook," it said.
Insomniac Amelia then went down to watch TV
to feel sleepy.
It was while watching TV when her sexual drive
got triggered.
So she went upstairs to give herself some
alone time to pleasure herself.
Meanwhile, Samuel saw someone standing inside
his cupboard.
He rushed to his mom and yelled at her that
the babadook was in his room.
Amelia made him sleep next to her.
After some time, when Amelia was reading,
she heard three light thumps on the door.
She ignored it, but after hearing three more
loud thumps, she got scared and tried to sleep.
The next day Amelia asks aunt Clair if she
could look after Samuel while she was away
for work.
Still, Samuel messes up the day by telling
Ruby about the babadook.
Ruby gets beyond terrified, and aunt Claire
complains to Amelia about Samuels monster
talk.
21:00 to 36:00 While making supper, Amelia
notices that Samuel was conducting a magic
show in a room that no one was supposed to
enter.
It was the room where Samuels dad, Oskar,
kept his things.
After sending Samuel to his room, Amelia checks
what Samuel had done inside Oskar's room.
There she saw many stuffed animals, and beside
it, there sat a picture of Amelia and Oskar.
Even though Oskar's death happened years ago,
Amelia still can't find a way to move on from
her husband's death.
During dinner, Amelia finds pieces of glass
in her soup, but there was nothing when she
checked Samuels bowl.
Amelia suspected that her son did this, but
Samuel kept arguing that the babadook did
it.
Amelia was getting more and more worried.
After going back to her room, Amelia saw that
the picture of her and Oskar had been scribbled
over.
She immediately stumbles into Samuels's room,
suspecting him, but Samuel seems to be unaware
of this.
However, he is always ready and prepared to
pull out his DIY weapon to attack the monster.
That night Samuel sees the babadook again
and screams, and that's when Amelia rushes
to Samuels room to see Sam hiding underneath
his bed, frightened to bits.
Samuel uttered the words "don't let it in"
quite a few times, and that's when Amelia
notices the babadook book on the table.
Amelia has had enough.
So she tears the pages of the babadook book
and throws it inside her trash can.
Amelia continues to hear weird noises but
ignores them.
The next day, Samuel and his mom go to Ruby's
bday party, but it doesn't go very well since
Amelia gets offended by one of Claire's friends,
and worse than that, Samuel pushes Ruby from
the top of a treehouse.
This incident gave Claire more reasons to
hate Samuel and her sister.
On the way home, Samuel gets one of those
disruptive episodes where he sees the babadook
coming for him.
Due to a febrile convulsion, Samuel is being
taken to the hospital.
Amelia explains to the doctor about her and
Samuel not getting enough sleep.
The doctor gives her pills to sleep soundly
at night.
37:00 to 52:00 After taking the pill, both
Amelia and Samuel had a pleasant sleep after
a long time.
After waking up, Amelia hears the knocks on
her door and sees the thrown-away babadook
book right in front of her doorstep.
After going through it, she realizes that
someone had taped the torn pages and even
added a new plot to them.
In the book, Amelia sees herself killing her
dog and son; eventually, she would take her
own life as well.
And that would be the end of the story.
Being Terrified to the core, Amelia burns
the book.
She asks Claire for help and hints that someone
might have been stalking Amelia and her son.
But Claire ignores her sister.
Suddenly Amelia receives another phone call
which spurs out weird creepy noises from someone.
Amelia ran off to the police station to get
some help, but the officers could not help
her because she burnt off the only evidence,
the book.
Amelia starts being delusional.
She saw a hole filled with cockroaches when
in reality, it was just a wall.
While washing the dishes that night, Amelia
sees the babadook standing near Mrs. Roach,
who was watching tv.
Thinking it was just her delusions acting
up again, Amelia ignored it.
However, things got really out of hand when
she saw the babadook hovering up onto her
from the ceiling and seeking an entrance inside
her body through the mouth.
Amelia was scared to death, so she, Sam, and
their dog decided to rest downstairs.
Even while watching tv, Amelia saw the babadook
numerous times.
53:00 to 1:30:00 While Amelia was sleeping,
Sam came to ask for breakfast, but since she
was too exhausted to the point that she couldn't
even respond, Amelia ignored him.
Sam's stubbornness didn't help much, and Amelia
roared back at Sam, perhaps in a very unnecessarily
rude way.
To cheer Sam up, Amelia drove him to have
some goodies, but on the ride back home, Amelia
again had a delusional episode, which caused
her to crash into another car.
Aṭ this point, the viewers would understand
the toll babadook took on amelia's body.
She reacted to everything so rudely and in
very aggressive tones that even Sam was frightened
most of the time.
That night especially, Amelia had yet another
delusional episode of seeing her son lying
dead on the sofa.
When Sam woke her up, Amelia was surprised
to see her holding a knife to kill Sam.
After a while, she goes so deep into her delusions
that she sees her dead husband standing right
in front of him.
Though, the bliss of hugging her precious
one didn't even last that long since the babadook
captured Oskar.
The babadook starts chasing Amelia, and no
matter how hard she tries to escape from its
clutches, she fails.
Finally, when amelia was dying out of exhaustion,
babadook took the opportunity and completely
consumed her soul.
Amelia, who now had her body controlled by
the babadook, attempted to kill their dog
Bugsy.
Bugsy, unfortunately, died at the hands of
amelia.
Her next target was her son Samuel, who somehow
managed to put some traps and capture amelia.
After tying her down, Sam witnesses his mom
going through some horrific stages as if she
was possessed.
He caresses her face gently when she attempts
to choke Sam, leading her to puke an inky
black material that removed the babadook from
her body.
When Sam recalls to Amelia that "you can't
get rid of the Babadook," an invisible force
takes him into the bedroom.
After Sam has been saved, Amelia has been
forced to re-visit her husband's death by
the Babadook.
Furiously, she faces the Babadook, retreating
into the basement, and locks the door behind
her.
Amelia and Sam manage to recover after this
awful experience.
Amelia is careful with him, encourages him
to use the weapons he creates and is impressed
by the magical tricks of Sam.
In a bowl, they collect earthworms, and Amelia
carries them into the basement of the Babadook.
She puts the bowl on the ground for Babadook
to eat.
When the beast attempts to harm her, Amelia
soothes it down and it takes the earthworms
with her into the corner.
Amelia comes back to the yard to celebrate
the birthday of Sam.
So that was all for today; what did you think
of this movie?
Let us know in the comments section your thoughts
on the babadook.
Don't forget to like, subscribe and click
the notification bell to be updated on more
of your videos.
Stay tuned, and we will see you soon.